hey this is Anthony we can watch decide
and ride welcome to our detailed
breakdown of the new speed and strength
cruise missile jacket available at
revzilla.com the cruise missile jacket
from the speed and strength is really a
classic or retro inspired piece of gear
around the $200 mark and in my opinion
it's going to be best suited for more
temperate season riding it's not
waterproof it'll be rot or resistant and
there is a thermal vest liner that comes
out so that really gives you the spring
it gives you the fall the summer it
might get a little warm but there is
some venting I'm gonna get to that in a
second but in the winter you're really
gonna have to beef up underneath of it
you want to stretch it into the cold now
within the speed and strength line it's
gonna be a big step up over something
like the dogs of war and then from here
in the textile line you'd really go into
the bikes are in my blood now quickly
before I get into the nuance I have
spurred into my left he's huge
6:32 1544 inch chest makes me feel a
little everyday he's wearing a size
large keep that in mind guys very much
an American cut relaxed in his fitment
plenty of room to work with and Spurgeon
does have a 44 inch chest will ship for
free if you're concerned about fitment
and I love it if you would click here
subscribe to us through its revzillatv
leave me your comments your questions
your feedback I'm happy to answer any
questions but hear your thoughts on the
cruise missile jacket now diving back
into the jacket the first thing I'm
gonna call out and there are two flavors
of this jacket bows are on this kind of
AR 600 beefy polyframe the first version
is the silver version which almost looks
like a distressed denim that Spurgeon's
wearing notice the leather accents the
second version is all blacked out with
more retro harley-davidson style
inspired orange you could see that
really quickly as we cut away to it now
back to the jacket remember see you
rated vault armor in the shoulders as
well as the elbows you see some like
wilting in the shoulders as well as down
this sleeves you're gonna see that in
the back as well there's an included
seee level one vault back protector it's
a nice touch from speed and strength and
from a temperature side of things to be
able to regulate things in the summer
you're really looking at venting here in
the arms turn the face away from you
Spurgeon that away and stop right there
and then on the backside writer on along
your lats you have some additional
vertical vents to exhaust things out and
you can see the nice clean line in this
sleeve gusset here along the top coming
off of that area of stitching and
quilting cer mercy armor into the
forearm and then you have some
adjustability down here along the waist
there's also a
gusset form some additional expansion
side of things and I'll tell you that
upright or 3/4 are really going to be
the best riding positions for the cruise
missile turn backwards for me I
mentioned the included back protector
you see it worked its way in that
leather goes across the back notice
there is light perforation that's in
that leather to flow some air
leather tabs across the back and again
you have yet secondary zip here along
the back for the additional airflow
through the jacket come back around to
the front now if you unzipped it notice
there's a snap here you go I'll help you
out here snap goes all the way down
you're gonna see quilted liner on the
inside there's your vest liner
completely removable exposing a mesh on
the inside and that mesh is gonna allow
you to stay cool if you're riding it
through the summer months god you could
zip that back up for me
the next step in your journey is to
click here read other rider reviews of
the speed and strength cruise missile
jacket at revzilla.com remember you
don't have to take my word for it see
what other riders are saying about it
about it in their reviews on RevZilla as
always we'll ship for free and if you
like give our gear geeks a shout you can
call and yell at Spurgeon over the phone
just yell at him he wants it yell at him
see us at revzilla.com rates seven seven
seven nine two nine four five five
thanks for watching our detailed
breakdown of the new cruise missile from
speed and strength I'm Anthony we'll see
you next time
you